we are present at word food since
Russian market is very important for us
is the biggest retail market outside
Brazil it's growing by twenty-seven
percent it has grown twenty-seven
percent in 2005 Russia is a big country
and lots of chains is one of the most
emerging and potential consuming
countries it is expected to grow by
three hundred billion dollars in 2006
because he is also a region of more than
30 million people we're fifty percent is
marriage they travel a delight with good
you
there are great opportunities that's why
world food is attracting so many
international visitors this is our first
time here in working in Moscow and we
are happy to to come here because we saw
that there are a lot of people in our
stand you can see that and they are
surprised when we explain
the attribute of our products after 34
years of doing business we decided to
come to the show to come to the
exhibition meet not only our current
customers but also to see new contacts
and to evaluate where the magnet was
born
our turnover is doubled from the 2006
again 2005 we have grown more than three
times in two years in volume and income
we see that there are a lot of potential
of the demand and the people's want
natural products and we have we can sell
confidence we are definitely going to be
back next year we plan to increase in
fresh fruit and in seafood we have
organized already meeting with buyer
from a free big chain where we are going
to promote all to get our Italian
company in the supermarket in the next
monster
Oh
our mix is growing we are getting to
know the competition and we are also
getting to know the market better year
after year we are also making a very
good job with our importer to meet
cooker and to show to this cooker out
too we use battalion food to be able to
see them the brand the products the
packages the presentation and also to
taste it there is a market for a new
exhibit 04 company that wants to start I
think this is the right place to be
you